# Hello! Ready to go?

Hello and welcome to the Old Fire Station for this production of **Ordinary
Days**, brought to you by *Torch Theatre Productions Oxford*.

It's been a little over a year since our last major production of *Queers* at
the Burton Taylor Studio in 2023, and I couldn't be more proud of how far we've
come since then.

I'd like to say a little thank you to the village of **Ramsden**, specifically
**Jessica Mannix**. Jessica approached us after seeing some of our *Queers*
performances in June 2023 and asked us to reprise them in March. The
support we received, not only from Jessica but all in the village who attended,
was so touching. If you ever get a chance to sample Jessica's hors d'oeuvres
I've been told they were really something!

On to the matter at hand, **Ordinary Days!** I've talked about the moment Tora
and I decided to make our own theatre company [in the past](../queers#welcome),
and I touched upon a point - no other Oxford based theatre company is producing
a certain kind of show. The intimate, understated, hidden gem kind of show. A
show with space for only four people in the cast. *This* kind of show. The truth
is, other larger companies can't consider a show with space for only four
principles and no space for a chorus, or a show that is deemed "difficult to
sell".

I say "difficult to sell" because it's hard to convey what **Ordinary Days**
really is with just a flyer, a poster or some social media. How do you sell the
beauty of the ordinary in this busy, always-on world? When people have the
extraordinary in the palm of their hand? If you ask myself or Tora about it
directly, however, I think our passion alone sells this show but I'll let Tora
dig into this with her director's notes.

Being our first musical theatre production, we had a new challenge on our hands:
finding ourselves an MD! I'm very glad that **Chris Venthom** agreed to come on
board and work with us, I really couldn't ask for more. Chris isn't only our MD,
but our rehearsal pianist *and* performance pianist. Given the show is *completely
sung through* he rarely gets a break, and arguably works the hardest each night.
Thank you so much, Chris for all your hard work and I really hope we do you
proud.

I've said it before, and I'll say it again, Torch's own **Victoria Wilson** is
an absolute powerhouse. Not only has she tackled the majority of the production
admin for this show but has also stepped into the directorial seat. I know that
the support from assistant director **Nicky Robinson** has also been greatly
appreciated. Our set is simple, the costumes and props are simple, the focus
here is the storytelling and there are some really beautiful moments in this
show which have blossomed over the rehearsal period thanks entirely to them.

This is already long enough so I'll quickly wrap up with a few additional thank
yous. **Gavin and Will** again for lending us their wisdom. Will has been
onboard from the moment we suggested doing this show; it's quite the passion
project for him too! **Holly and James**, it's our first time working with you
both and speaking personally I've loved the energy you've brought to our
rehearsal spaces. **All our auditionees**, thank you so much for engaging with
us. As a small production company, potentially not reaching the right people is
a real risk but there was a lot of talent in the audition space.

And finally, **you!** I know it's cheesy but truly from the bottom of all our
hearts thank you for grabbing a ticket to support Torch. We are always trying to
bring something different to the Oxfordshire theatres. If you'd like to stay in
touch with what we're up to make sure to follow us on
[Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/torchtheatreproductions/) or
[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/profile.php/?id=100087729183473). We're also
committed to working with the community on any front, if you have something
you'd like us to support you with or vice versa please [get in
touch](mailto:torchtheatreproductions@gmail.com).

If you've never seen this show before I'm excited for you to find your own
connection with it and maybe reflect your own relationships. If you have seen it
before, I hope you enjoy what we've brought to it.

To quote Warren, *"for beautiful to happen, the beautiful has got to be seen"* -
thanks, for making us beautiful.

<strong>Chris Johnstone<br/>
Co-founder, Torch</strong>